The survival of the Annex 1 Crew
now rests in the hands of Wolf
and his team.
The radio tower is key to
reporting Squad 4's betrayal.
Out of options, they embark
on a suicide mission.
With every comrade who falls,
the survivors grow determined to
ensure their deaths aren't in
vain.
Keiji? Are you okay?
(Keiji)
Yeah, I got him.
Next step: get to
the control room!
[phone ringing]
Yes, brother?
(Shichisei Hiruma)
Their heavily armed "rescue
craft" úis about to land on
Mars.
Hong
[gasp]
Play time's over. Release your
poison and kill them all.
[small gasp]
♪
[gasp] W-What?!
Come on
(Keiji)
What's wrong?
(Amelia)
The damn thing won't open!
The crash-landing likely
knocked out the electronics.
I'm sorry Keiji, but we're
running out of time!
We'll regroup at the
communications room.
Head to the second floor. Find
the large security doors located
under the Captains quarters.
If we can gain access to the
computer in that room, we'll be
able to rewrite the radio
tower's settings.  S
No. Stick to the original
plan and find yourselves
some protective suits.
I'll head to the
comms room solo.
What!?
(Keiji)
You wont make it to the second
floor without those suits.
He's right... At this rate,
we won't last 14 minutes.
This is crazy!
It's safe to assume Squad 4 will
be waiting for us at the control
room.
Without those masks, you won't
live long enough to fight.
I'll go ahead and clear you a
path, and meet with you guys up
there.
[nervous grunt]
What?
[hesitant squeak] It's just...
It's just... Are there really
more people headed our way
without protection?
Members from Squads 1 and 2?
[sigh]
C- Can't we just... talk to them
and try reasoning with them
instead?
Why-why do we have to
kill each other?
The pain... It's... its
just senseless.
(Bao)
Hong.
[pained scream]
[small gasp]
Do you understand
what's at stake here?
How essential the
comms room is to us?
[gasp]
(Bao)
We're traitors now, "talking"
is no longer an option.
So quit your infantile whining
and pull yourself together.
We only make it out of here
alive if the comms stay jammed.
If you quit now, and stop
emitting your bacteria, they'll
get inside and tell everyone on
Earth we betrayed and killed the
others. And what do you think
will happen to us then, huh?
(Bao)
We will be exterminated.
And not just us but our friends
and our families back home.
[gasp]
[happy chuckle]
(Bao)
Why did you join this mission?
What drove you to undergo a
life-threatening operation and
fly millions of miles from home?
Do you want to protect your
mother, and your little brother?
[happy giggle]
Were you frightened seeing
that man die in front of
you yesterday?
[gasp]
Letting his friends live won't
bring him back, you understand
that don't you?
...And Your little pity
party will put the rest
of our lives in danger.
You have one job on this
forsaken planet
...Use your bacteria to
protect this place.
This is the mission
you've accepted...
...There's no turning back.
Now do it... Do it for
your family on Earth,
...for your comrades you
swore to protect.
Mutate.
Give 'em the deadliest dose of
bacteria you can muster!
They've got nothing but basic
masks and coats to protect
themselves...
...they won't last long.
[running, panting]
Is Keiji going to be okay, Wolf?
He isn't wearing a protective
suit!
Keiji's not worried about a
suit. He knows he can't fight
with one on.
(Wolf)
We need to get to him
before it's too late.
Come on, pick up the pace!
The magnetic fields
are getting stronger!
(Wolf)
We must be under Floor 4's
Section "N" by now.
The provisions depot!
[weak groaning]
[grunt]
Hm. Puny. But it'll do.
I'll just have to train later.
(Intercom)
Ji! Ji-jo!
That couldn't be for
(Intercom)
Ji Jo-ji! Ji Jo-ji!
Jo-ji! Jo-ji!
[frustrated grunt]
[music]
What the hell is going on? They
know how to use the intercoms
now?
How'd anymore get onboard?
The Terraformars that were
flapping their wings on the
cliffs created a current to
disperse the bacteria...
...But it was a diversion!
...They created an opening for
that crazy dragonfly to
infiltrate the ship before the
net launched.
It's not looking for us We'd
have seen it by now.
If that broadcast was meant for
the roaches that snuck on board
[gasp] Shit! They're
after the girl!
[gasp]
[gasps]
[horrified gasps]
Jo-ji! Jo...
[horrified gasp]
We're screwed!
They've destroyed
the spare suits!
We need to retake the
comms room right now!
We have less than ten minutes to
get in and reroute the signal
before we succumb to the toxins.
Ju Jo-ji.
Jo-ji
(Wolf)
Hide! Now!
[gasp]
[small gasp]
You're late... huh?
[fighting grunts]
(Bao)
Hong, get inside!
Huh? Yes, sir!
[grunt]
Hurry, Bao!
[gasp] Look out behind you!
What are we gonna do, Wolf?
If they get their hands
on that little girl
Keep moving!
Staff-wielding roaches?
(Bao)
I suppose this was
to be expected.
[gunfire]
[thud]
[grunt]
[struggling grunts]
(Bao)
A cone snail poison needle?!
It's base is-- [grunt]
No...One more injection
and I'm done for.
[small grunt]
[heavy breathing]
Why haven't we
heard from anyone?
You think Squads 1
and 2 are responsible?
Doubtful. I'm guessing
it's the roaches.
Hey you guys want
to hear a joke?
Bao there's nothing I want less.
Just find Squad 1.
Yes, sir.
Capture them dead or alive.
Do not let anything
stand in your way.
Hizamaru will soon be ours!
Still no word. They must be
trying to recapture the radio
tower.
(Michelle)
I won't let them catch us!
...Soon the world will know
Squad 4 for the traitors they
really are.
[grunt]
If everything goes smoothly,
we'll reconvene after taking
the Annex 1.
But if something happens and
returning to the ship is not a
viable option, head north.
North is our only
hope if we fail
Now, good luck.
So long as I'm around,
you're in no danger.
I will ensure that we return
Earth. If only for our date
night.
[unamused groan]
What the hell are you doing,
Hong?  Get back inside!
I can't!
I'll find a way to destroy their
suits. Now get your ass back in
there and mutate!
I can't!
[gasp]
Your mask is broken and
your suit is torn open
If I mutate now, you'll be
exposed to the bacteria too!
So what are you gonna do then,
try stabbing them all to death?!
Just mutate dammit!
Bao...
Huh?
I don't know how many
of you are out there
But they... you all
deserve a chance to live
and fulfill your dreams.
Because of my base, I'll never
enjoy the kind of opportunities
you will back on Earth
Didn't you want to be a writer?
You want to know what I think?
I think that's beautiful.
[grunt]
(thinking)
Dammit She's not cut out to be
a weapon of mass destruction.
I've got to get them out
of their suits
Otherwise it won't matter if she
mutates, it won't affect them.
[grunt] The toxin is really
starting to get a hold on me
I'm losing control
of my muscles
I can barely get my
arms and legs to move.
[fearful gasp]
(Thinking)
This is how it ends?
[loud crash]
[fearful gasp]
[wince]
Jo... Jo...? Jo!
[gasp]
(Xi Chun-Li)
I figured you couldn't go
through with it
But, you did what you
thought was right.
[whimper]
(Xi Chun-Li)
But roaches in protective suits?
That's a surprise..
[slam]
[gasp]
Jo-Ji... Kuh!
The comms room is beyond
that door, correct?
Onizuka?
Don't come any closer!
I'm warning you!
[gasp]
(Xi Chun-Li)
So this is the thing
that almost killed Bao?
I'm surprised you're
still alive.
You're lucky Hong stepped in
when she did, you wouldn't have
survived a second sting.
And you... You'll regret trying
to stab my precious Hong.
[grunt]
Xi, please you're not safe here
without a protective suit on!
My bacteria's still dangerous.
Don't worry, this
won't take long.
Look at him he's stunned.
Hong, he's doesn't seem to
understand why you're standing
here not wearing a protective
suit.
If you keep him distracted, I
can sneak behind him. We'll use
the element of surprise-
[gasps]
Put some damn clothes on!
Uhhh...
Wait. You can see me?
I have the sight of the mantis
shrimp, I can see EVERYTHING!
So please, cover yourself up!
You sure know how to make
a girl feel confident
Hurry up!
You don't have to be rude.
Just do it!
Humph!
[weak grunt]
You okay?!  You've been exposed
to the bacteria for too long!
[panting]
(Xi)
As your instructor, I failed to
turn you into the soldier this
mission required.
I volunteered so I could
continue to guide you and
keep you free from harm.
I never told you this,
but I'm proud of you Hong.
Proud you have always
been true to yourself.
...I will finish this for you.
[gasp]
And as for you
You should have run when
you had the chance!
[gasp]
Gotcha!
[grunt]
Hong, take Bao and get back
inside the communications room.
I'll track down the rest of the
intruders, and kill every last
one of-
I can't let you do that.
Huh. I must have
missed your heart.
I need to work on my aim.
I'm curious though Why didn't
you hit me from behind?
You had a clear shot Don't tell
me it's some "boxer" moral code
Not because I'm a boxer.
Because I'm a man of honor.
Your "honor" will be
the death of you.
You must know by now this
girl's a bacteria bomb.
Between her toxins and me, you
don't stand a chance of getting
into the comms room.
You're a dead man walking.
I don't care whether
you're bluffing...
or if you've truly convinced
yourself that your honor is
actually worth anything
It's all the same to me. You're
just another minor obstacle I
need to deal with.
You should have killed me when
you had the chance.
I don't hit women.
Well then, this will be even
easier than I thought.
I'll pay my respects
to your corpse!
[fighting grunts]
She almost broke my neck!
She's not wasting time
trying to kill me.
(Keiji)
She's more ferocious
than the others.
[fighting grunts]
[grunt]
Her technique is unlike anything
I've ever faced before...
...She's unpredictable.
(Xi)
Hmph! Having second thoughts
about being an "honorable man"?
You're not in the ring.
There are no rules here
Stop hiding behind your
insulting "morals" and fight me!
If you refuse, when I'm finished
I'll kill your comrades.
And while they're drawing their
last breaths, I'll tell them how
you could have stopped me.
Their blood will
be on your hands!
Now get up and face me!
[weak groan]
You could kill me with
one well-placed punch.
Go on... Cut this chivalry
crap and put up your fists!
This is your last chance...
[sigh]
[heavy grunt]
[wince]
My apologies. But this is the
quickest way to stop a
crustacean dead in its tracks.
It'll be over soon.
It's just a shame you won't live
long enough to learn a lesson
from all of this.
Let's go. I'll head down
to the lower levels-
[gasp]
[grunt]
[panting]
What!? What's wrong
with this guy?
Why wont he just die!?
I'm not... done yet.
Stop. Please stop fighting
(Thinking)
After all that, why
isn't he fighting back?
When I was little, my dad made
me promise him two things...
...Treat everyone with respect,
and honor all women.
If I hit you with my
mantis-shrimp punch,
that'll be it for you.
Every bone in your
body will break.
(Keiji)
Lucky for you, I have no
intention of doing that.
Now come on, show me
what else you've got.
I'm not dead yet.
I'm not gonna hit you, but I am
gonna stop you from killing my
friends!
(Keiji)
I make my own rules.
There's nothing you can
do to change that.
You're never gonna stop me.
My will is stronger than
you could ever imagine.
[gasp]
[gasps]
That's right.  I'm no murderer!
No one here needs to die today!
[struggling grunts]
[sigh]
We only have six minutes left!
[computer whirring]
We can do it!
We can do this!
Failure is not an option!
Here we go!
♪